README.md, before:

<h1 align="center" style="font-family: 'Courier New', monospace;">const Bryan_Wienhoff = () => { return Quality, Passion, Drive }</h1>

<h2 align="center">Full Stack Web Developer with a passion for creating stunning and functional interfeced with intuitive backend functionality. </h2>

![header](https://www.shutterstock.com/image-vector/excellence-banner-10-web-icons-260nw-1304197930.jpg)

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=zzangu0215&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="Hoffalypse" /> </p>

<!-- - 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [**PORTFOLIO**](https://zzangu0215.github.io/portfolio-v3/)

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [**JOBBEE Project**](https://github.com/zzangu0215/jobbee), [**UCSD Kojobs**](https://github.com/zzangu0215/ucsd-kojobs)

- ⚡ The powerful projects from me.

  - **Group Projects**: [**JOBBEE Project**](https://github.com/zzangu0215/jobbee), [**MyKNL Project**](https://github.com/zzangu0215/myknl),  [**FANTOM**](https://github.com/zzangu0215/fantom)
  - **Personal Projects**: [**Book Search Engine**](https://github.com/zzangu0215/book-search-engine), [**Employee Tracker**](https://github.com/zzangu0215/employee-tracker), [**Team Profile Generator**](https://github.com/zzangu0215/Team-Profile-Generator), [**E-Commerce Backend**](https://github.com/zzangu0215/e-commerce-backend), [**Workout Tracker**](https://github.com/zzangu0215/workout-tracker)
  - **Gist**: [**Regex Tutorial**](https://gist.github.com/zzangu0215)
  - **Tutorial**: [**Contact Form Tutorial**](https://github.com/zzangu0215/contact-form-tutorial)
  - [**Shell Script Shortcuts**](https://github.com/zzangu0215/shell-shortcuts)

- 🌱 I’m currently studying [**Algorithm Practice**](https://github.com/zzangu0215/algorithm-practice), and **Ruby on Rails** 

- 📫 How to reach me: **tajo0215@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact ? **I think I am a cool pet owner.**

<h2 align="center">Specialized In</h2>
<h3 align="center">Programming Languages</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Front End Development</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://vuejs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="vuejs" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://sass-lang.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://redux.js.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" alt="redux" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"></a>
  <a href="https://babeljs.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/babeljs/babeljs-icon.svg" alt="babel" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Back End Development</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://graphql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/graphql/graphql-icon.svg" alt="graphql" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Database</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Data Visualization</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.chartjs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://www.chartjs.org/media/logo-title.svg" alt="chartjs" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Devops</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="bash" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Testing</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://jestjs.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jestjsio/jestjsio-icon.svg" alt="jest" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Machine Learning</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opencv.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/opencv/opencv-icon.svg" alt="opencv" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Other</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.arduino.cc/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/arduino-1.svg" alt="arduino" width="40" height="40"/> </a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
   
<h2 align="center">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://codepen.io/tajo0215" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/codepen.svg" alt="tajo0215" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/junnyzzangu" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="junnyzzangu" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/o0ojunny" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="o0ojunny" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCk_a__J10fet0xEe_dSNBKw" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/youtube.svg" alt="uck_a__j10fet0xee_dsnbkw" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<p align="center"><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=zzangu0215&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="zzangu0215" /></p>

<!-- <p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=zzangu0215&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="zzangu0215" /></p> -->

<!--
**zzangu0215/zzangu0215** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
--> -->

Commit message:

put in some projects and links to GH pages and added a few facts

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center" style="font-family: 'Courier New', monospace;">const Bryan_Wienhoff = () => { return Quality, Passion, Drive }</h1>

<h2 align="center">Full Stack Web Developer with a passion for creating stunning and functional interfeced with intuitive backend functionality. </h2>

 <p align="center"> <img  src=https://www.shutterstock.com/image-vector/excellence-banner-10-web-icons-260nw-1304197930.jpg/><p>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=zzangu0215&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="Hoffalypse" /> </p>

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [**PORTFOLIO**](https://hoffalypse.github.io/bryan-wienhoff-portfolio/)

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [**Earthship Packaging Enterprise App**](https://github.com/Hoffalypse/earthship-packaging-dev)
- ⚡ The powerful projects from me.

  - **Enterprise Applications**: [**Integral Solutions**](https://github.com/stevecalla/integral-solutions-dev),  [**Earthship Packaging**](https://github.com/Hoffalypse/earthship-packaging-dev)
  - **Personal Projects**: [**Hoff AI**](https://github.com/Hoffalypse/AI-Photo-Booth), [**Bob Dylan Video Archives**](https://github.com/Hoffalypse/Bob-Dylan-Archive)
  - **Gist**: [**Regex Tutorial**](https://gist.github.com/zzangu0215)
  - **Tutorial**: [**Contact Form Tutorial**](https://github.com/zzangu0215/contact-form-tutorial)
  - [**Shell Script Shortcuts**](https://github.com/zzangu0215/shell-shortcuts)

- 🌱 I’m currently studying [**React Native**](https://github.com/Hoffalypse/Shopinmy-react-native)

- 📫 How to reach me: **bhoff1980@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact ? **I have played and cashed in multiple World Series of Poker Events!**

<!-- <h2 align="center">Specialized In</h2>
<h3 align="center">Programming Languages</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Front End Development</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://vuejs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="vuejs" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://sass-lang.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://redux.js.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" alt="redux" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"></a>
  <a href="https://babeljs.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/babeljs/babeljs-icon.svg" alt="babel" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Back End Development</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://graphql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/graphql/graphql-icon.svg" alt="graphql" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Database</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Data Visualization</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.chartjs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://www.chartjs.org/media/logo-title.svg" alt="chartjs" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Devops</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"></a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="bash" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Testing</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://jestjs.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jestjsio/jestjsio-icon.svg" alt="jest" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Machine Learning</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opencv.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/opencv/opencv-icon.svg" alt="opencv" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Other</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.arduino.cc/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/arduino-1.svg" alt="arduino" width="40" height="40"/> </a> &nbsp
  <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img class="mb-4 mr-4 h-6 w-6 sm:h-10 sm:w-10" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"></a>
</p>
   
<h2 align="center">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://codepen.io/tajo0215" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/codepen.svg" alt="tajo0215" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/junnyzzangu" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="junnyzzangu" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/o0ojunny" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="o0ojunny" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCk_a__J10fet0xEe_dSNBKw" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/youtube.svg" alt="uck_a__j10fet0xee_dsnbkw" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<p align="center"><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=zzangu0215&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="zzangu0215" /></p> -->

<!-- <p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=zzangu0215&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="zzangu0215" /></p> -->

<!--
**zzangu0215/zzangu0215** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
